Take your room's book measure and take it as a row in Tableau.
Now take the arrival date month dimension and take it as a column.
This helps us visualize rooms booked by time, by arrival month.
We can conclude here that the highest volume of bookings are
for stays in the spring in mid summer seasons.
To measure the split of total bookings between the type of hotel on a donut chart,
keep rooms booked as your measure,
but remove arrival date and replace it with hotel as a dimension in a column.
Cast the visualization as a donut to measure relative percentages. There you go.
The dominating type of hotel where 75 percent of
bookings go for your company or city hotels instead of resort hotels.